is one of the biggest secrets of
cantabria the recipe of sobao pasiego
today we know the most laureate just
receive a recognition in london
equivalent to a michelin star or
the oscar of the world of confectionery are
the best sobaos in the world
bach is the pastry chef his talent
has been confirmed with this distinctive that
already looks in his creations do not tell me
that you love six each in a way
different each one has the trick in the
that's why you usually never see
how to knead on Saturday and who
I teach you to me, my grandmother and her mass
has proven is the best with her
the other quedas are also made
pasiego dessert on Saturday is like a
sponge cake only more more fluffed
spongy have more or less the same
ingredients only here in the
crossed you have to add cinnamon milk
and lemon we insist with margari the mother
of bach and level but does not loose garment
about this secret also recognizes the
recipe from his mother a clear re clear that
I know it but I'm not going to tell it to
say no and the proportions or anything etc
the secret of the best taste in the world
exactly the best taste in the world that
that's why we lack the prize at least
we discovered that the raw material is in
the field very close
the best sobaos and the best quesada
they are made with the best ingredients
we found them here in the farm of
clean
and you give your cows to milk
so good a very good food
balanced we have a
dietitian and today all the
farms, you have to do things
very good to be profitable and get a
quality product we order milk
and we went back to the workshop to get
hands to lamas who likes the most
Saturdays in Spain
here I like about 2 hours at
Madrilenians love them and the quesadas a
the Catalans because this is already a
definitive accolade for us and
we can prove the prize is
very deserved
the best flavors we tried
there is no other
in the life